1. Is JSX mandatory for React?
JSX is not a requirement for React. Each element is just a syntactic sugar for calling 
React.createElement(component,props,children);
So, anything you can do with JSX can also be done using plain JavaScript.

2. Is ES6 mandatory for React?
Normally you would define a React component as a plain JavaScript.
But if you don't use ES6 then you will have to use create-react-class module.

4 .How can I write comments in JSX?
To write comments in JSX we need to wrap them in curly braces.
for example: { /* This is a comment */ }
Curly braces tells JSX parser to parse the code inside as javascript and not a string.

5. What is <React.Fragment></React.Fragment> and <></> ?
It is a feature that allows you to return multiple elements from a react component by allowing you to group a list of children without adding extra nodes to the DOM.
With react fragments we can create a code that is cleaner and easier to read.
React also provides <></> as a shorthand that works the similar way but with a lower memory load.
It the the best practice to use <></> or <React.Fragment></React.Fragment> instead of div.

6. What is Virtual DOM?
Virtual DOM is only a virtual environment of DOM.
Everytime the state of our application changes, the Virtual DOM gets update instead of the real DOM. Virtual DOM is faster and efficient.
In react every UI is a component and each component has a react state. React follows the observable pattern and listens the change.
When the state of a component is changed then react updates the virtual DOM tree and UI is re-rendered.
Once the virtual DOM tree has been updated, it then compares the current version of the virtual DOM with the previous version of the virtual DOM. This is called as diffing.

7. What is reconciliation in React?
Reconciliation is the process by which react updates the UI to reflect changes in the component state. React uses a virtual DOM to update the UI.
Reconciliation is a process where we use diff algorithm for comparison of two DOM tree. After comparing,creates a new Virtual DOM having the changes.Then it updates the Browser DOM with the least number of changes possible without rendering the entire DOM again. 

8. What is React Fiber?
React Fiber is a concept of ReactJS that is used to render a system faster, smoother and smarter.
It was introduced from React16.
React fiber is used to increase it's suitability for areas like animation, layout. An important feature is incremental rendering which means the ability to spilt the rendering work into chunks and spread it out over multiple frames.
Other features include ability to pause, abort and reuse work as new update come in or the ability to assign priority to different types of updates.

9. Why do we need Keys in React?
Keys are necessary to improve the performance in React. They help react identify which items have changed (added/removed/reordered). To give a unique identity to every element inside the array a key is required.

10. Can we use index as keys in React?
It is recommended to not use indexes as keys, since it could impact performance negatively and could lead to some unstable component behavior.

11. What are props in React?
props in react are inputs that you pass in a component.
props is an alias for properties. It is just an normal argument passed to a function.
props are used in React to pass data from one component to another (from a parent component to a child component(s)). They are useful when you want the flow of data in your app to be dynamic.

12. What is Config Driven UI?
Config Driven UI are based on the configurations of the data application receives. It is rather a good practice to use config driven UIs to make application for dynamic. 
It is a very common & basic approach to interact with the User. It provides a generic interface to develop things which help your project scale well. It saves a lot of development time and effort.
A typical login form, common in most of the Apps. Most of these forms also get frequent updates as the requirements increase in terms of Form Validations, dropdown options,.. or design changes.
