1. Explore all the ways of writing CSS.
Ways of writing CSS-
a]SASS (Syntactically Awesome Style Sheets) 
b]SCSS (Sassy Cascading Style Sheets)
c]Styled Components
d]Using some library or frameworks such as Material UI, Bootstrap, Ant Design, Chakra UI, Tailwind CSS


2. How do we configure tailwind?
Step 1:Create your project.
Step 2:Install tailwind css into your project by using the command  
		npm install -D tailwindcss postcss
		npx tailwindcss init
       npx tailwindcss init creates a tailwind.config.js file.
Step 3:Configure PostCSS
	Create a file named .postcssrc in your project root and enable the tailwindcss plugin
Step 4:Configure your template paths
	Add the paths to all of your template files in your tailwind.config.js file.
Step 5:Add the Tailwind directives to your CSS(in index.css).
Step 6:Start your build process.
Step 7:Start using Tailwind in your project.


3. In tailwind.config.js, what does all the keys mean (content,theme,extend,plugins)?
Content - The content section is where you configure the paths to all of your HTML templates, JS components, and any other files that contain Tailwind class names.
Theme - The theme section is where you define your color palette, fonts, type scale, border sizes, breakpoints — anything related to the visual design of your site.
Extend - If you’d like to preserve the default values for a theme option but also add new values, add your extensions under the extend key in the theme section of your configuration file (to enable extending the default theme).
Plugins - The plugins section allows you to register plugins with Tailwind that can be used to generate extra utilities, components, base styles, or custom variants.


4. Why do we have .postcssrc file?
PostCSS is a tool for transforming css with javascript.It workds with plugins, so it's easy to perform the tailwindcss processing steps by using tailwindcss postcss plugin.
It is a javascript tool that transform your css into abstract syntax tree (AST) then provides an API for analyzing and modifying it using javascript plugins.
