1. What is emmet?
Emmet is a plugin in text editors that is used for more faster and efficient coding.
It allows developers to write HTML and CSS code using shorthand notation which is then
expanded into full code by the plugin.
For example - if in our html file we write html:5 and press enter key then we get an 
HTML structure into our page.

2. What is the difference between a library and a framework?
A framework is fully flegged which means it has all the necessary pre defined 
libraries for it to work on the other hand a library depends on external packages 
for some of it functionality.
For example:
React uses reactRouter(external package) for navigation while
angular has built in navigation.

3. What is cdn and why do we use it?
CDN is content network delivery.
CDN is a network of interconnected servers that speeds up webpage loading for
data heavy applications.When a user visits a website data from that website's server 
has to travel across the internet to reach the user's computer.If the user is located 
far from the server it will take a long time to load a large file,video/image. So instead
a website content is stored on CDN servers geographically closer to the users and reaches 
the computer faster.
The main purpose of CDN is to reduce the latency or to reduce the delay in communication
created by the network design. 

4. Why is react known as React?
React is a JavaScript library for building user interfaces.It was developed by Facebook and 
named "React" because to help developers build user interfaces that are fast responsive 
and "reactive". The library was designed to "react" to changes in data.

5. What is cross origin in the sciprt tag?
The crossorigin attribute sets mode of an request to an HTTP CROS request.
Web pages often make request to load resources on other servers.
CORS stands for Cross Origin Resource Sharing and is the mechanism that allows to request
for a resource (eg: stylesheets, images, fonts, scripts) from another domain.

6. What is the difference between react and reactDOM?
The react package contains react.createElemet(), React.Component and other helpers related
to components and classes while reactDOM package contains reactDOM.render() in react-dom and in 
react-dom/server we have server side rendering support.

7. What is the difference between react.development.js and react.production.js?
The first one is used for development purpose. It has hot reloading feature or live debugging
while the latter one does'nt have anything like this because it's purpose is to give clean,
optimized, minified build. When the app is live we want our app to work smoothly and fast.

8. What are async and defer attributes?
Async and defer are the boolean attributes used in script tag that are used to load the 
external scripts efficiently into our web page. 
When a web page loads 2 things happen HTML parsing and loading of scripts(i.e fetching and
executing). 
When we use async attribute scripts are fetched asynchronously from network in parallel with
HTML parsing. As soon as they are fetched, they are executed while the parsing is paused.
And when the execution of scripts are completed the parsing continues. 
In defer attribute both the HTML Parsing and scripts fetching occurs in parallel. All the 
script are executed only after HTML Parsing is completed. Defer attribute maintains the order
of scripts whileasync doesn't. 

